.Dd December 21, 2025
.Dt SDKVM 1
.Os

.Sh NAME
.Nm sdkvm
.Nd manage different versions of Software Development Kits.

.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Ar PARAMS
.Ar SUBCMD

.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
manages different Software Development Kits (SDK).\&
.Pp
It is designed to handle all kinds of SDKs and add no overhead to the terminal startup time.\&
Sdkvm uses cached information on available SDKs. The list od SDK avaialble versions can be easily updated.\&
In comparison with nvm, rvm or sdkman it adds little overhead to the terminal startup time and it is not dedicated to any specific SDK.\&
.Pp
Source:
.Lk https://github.com/pmendelski/sdkvm

.Sh ARGUMENTS
Lisf of options available in all sdkvm commands:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl v , Fl -version
Print the sdkvm version.
.It Fl u , Fl -update
Update the sdkvm.
.It Fl c , Fl -no-cache
Disable sdkvm cache.
.It Fl h , Fl -help
Print the manual.
.It Fl v , Fl vv , Fl -verbose
Increase log verbosity. Multiple occurrences (\fI\-v\fR \fI\-v\fR or \fI\-vv\fR) increases the verbosity even more.
.It Fl p , Fl -no-pretty
Disable pretty printing. Remove colors and icons from logs.
.It Fl y , Fl -yes
Assume 'yes' as the answer for all confirmations.

.Sh SUBCOMMANDS
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Cm list
List SDKs
.Pq Xr sdkvm-list 1
.It Cm install
Install a SDK
.Pq Xr sdkvm-install 1
.It Cm unintsall
Uninstall a SDK
.Pq Xr sdkvm-uninstall 1
.It Cm update
Install and enable the newest SDK version
.Pq Xr sdkvm-update 1
.It Cm enable
Enable an installed version of SDK
.Pq Xr sdkvm-enable 1
.It Cm disable
Disable a previousle enabled SDK version
.Pq Xr sdkvm-disable 1
.It Cm version
Print enabled version of SDK
.Pq Xr sdkvm-version 1
.It Cm status
Print SDK statuses
.Pq Xr sdkvm-status 1
